CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contribution Guide

Thanks for your interest in **Repopack**! 🚀 We’d love your help to make it even better. Here’s how you can get involved:


- **Create an Issue**: Spot a bug? Have an idea for a new feature? Let us know by creating an issue.
- **Submit a Pull Request**: Found something to fix or improve? Jump in and submit a PR!
- **Spread the Word**: Share your experience with Repopack on social media, blogs, or with your tech community.
- **Use Repopack**: The best feedback comes from real-world usage, so feel free to integrate Repopack into your own projects!

## Maintainers

Repopack is maintained by Yamadashy ([@yamadashy](https://github.com/yamadashy)). While all contributions are welcome, please understand that not every suggestion may be accepted if they don't align with the project's goals or coding standards.

---

## Pull Requests

Before submitting a Pull Request, please ensure:

1. Your code passes all tests: Run `npm run test`
2. Your code adheres to our linting standards: Run `npm run lint`
3. You have updated relevant documentation (especially README.md) if you've added or changed functionality.

## Local Development

To set up Repopack for local development:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/yamadashy/repopack.git
cd repopack
npm install
```

To run Repopack locally:

```bash
npm run cli-run
```

### Coding Style

We use [Biome](https://biomejs.dev/) for linting and formatting. Please make sure your code follows the style guide by running:

```bash
npm run lint
```

### Testing

We use [Vitest](https://vitest.dev/) for testing. To run the tests:

```bash
npm run test
```

For test coverage:

```bash
npm run test-coverage
```

### Documentation

When adding new features or making changes, please update the relevant documentation in the README.md file.

## Releasing

New versions are managed by the maintainer. If you think a release is needed, open an issue to discuss it

Thank you for contributing to Repopack!

Commit message:

feat(rename): Rename to repomix
# Conflicts:
#	src/core/packager.ts
#	src/core/security/securityCheck.ts
#	src/shared/processConcurrency.ts

# Conflicts:
#	package-lock.json
#	package.json

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contribution Guide

Thanks for your interest in **Repomix**! 🚀 We’d love your help to make it even better. Here’s how you can get involved:


- **Create an Issue**: Spot a bug? Have an idea for a new feature? Let us know by creating an issue.
- **Submit a Pull Request**: Found something to fix or improve? Jump in and submit a PR!
- **Spread the Word**: Share your experience with Repomix on social media, blogs, or with your tech community.
- **Use Repomix**: The best feedback comes from real-world usage, so feel free to integrate Repomix into your own projects!

## Maintainers

Repomix is maintained by Yamadashy ([@yamadashy](https://github.com/yamadashy)). While all contributions are welcome, please understand that not every suggestion may be accepted if they don't align with the project's goals or coding standards.

---

## Pull Requests

Before submitting a Pull Request, please ensure:

1. Your code passes all tests: Run `npm run test`
2. Your code adheres to our linting standards: Run `npm run lint`
3. You have updated relevant documentation (especially README.md) if you've added or changed functionality.

## Local Development

To set up Repomix for local development:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/yamadashy/repomix.git
cd repomix
npm install
```

To run Repomix locally:

```bash
npm run cli-run
```

### Coding Style

We use [Biome](https://biomejs.dev/) for linting and formatting. Please make sure your code follows the style guide by running:

```bash
npm run lint
```

### Testing

We use [Vitest](https://vitest.dev/) for testing. To run the tests:

```bash
npm run test
```

For test coverage:

```bash
npm run test-coverage
```

### Documentation

When adding new features or making changes, please update the relevant documentation in the README.md file.

## Releasing

New versions are managed by the maintainer. If you think a release is needed, open an issue to discuss it

Thank you for contributing to Repomix!
